README.md, before:

# Humane Transport
![Build and integration tests](https://github.com/holtzmak/Humane-Transport/actions/workflows/flutter-action-build-and-integration-testing.yml/badge.svg)
![Formatting and Unit tests](https://github.com/holtzmak/Humane-Transport/actions/workflows/flutter-action-formatting-and-unit-testing.yml/badge.svg)

A [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/) and [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) mobile application to record Canadian animal transport and transfer of care documentation, meeting the [requirements and regulations](https://www.inspection.gc.ca/animal-health/humane-transport/eng/1300460032193/1300460096845) set out by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA).

**This project's main source of information is the [Wiki](https://github.com/holtzmak/Humane-Transport/wiki).** See our Wiki for the following information and more:
1. Team meeting minutes (Scrum dates and discussion minutes)
2. Our breakdown of the Animal Transport Record into a digital-friendly format and process, including [User Story/Journey Maps](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/user-story-mapping/)
3. Our application architecture and software design documents, including [C4 Modeling Diagrams](https://c4model.com/)

Further documentation and diagrams are available in the [`documentation` folder in the codebase](https://github.com/holtzmak/Humane-Transport/tree/master/documentation).

***

## Installation and Use

 **_Instructions for installing and using this application TBD_** 

## Project Abstract

Canadian livestock transporters are required to follow rules and regulations specified by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) before, during, and after animal transport. The current process requires paper manifests to be created and maintained by transporters to ensure that all animals and their data are collected for business, market, and tracing purposes; it is not well suited to transporters who may not have access to materials while on the road. Humane Transport is a mobile application which provides transporters with a paper-free way to collect and provide all CFIA required data while meeting the requirements of the Health of Animals Regulations Part XII, Humane transport of animals (sections 136-155), and providing access to interpretive guidance documentation to assist understanding.

## Project Deliverables

All deliverables available on our [website](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/).

The deliverables assigned and set out by our post-seconday software engineering course are as follows:
1. [Project Proposal](https://github.com/holtzmak/Humane-Transport/wiki/Project-Proposal-Document) (September 11, 2020)
1. Project Introduction Vlog [Documentation](https://github.com/holtzmak/Humane-Transport/wiki/Project-Vlog-1-Documentation) and [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEHSdMMVPaU) (September 23, 2020)
1. Team/Instructor Scrum Report 1 [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (September 28, 2020)
1. Project Progress Vlog 1 [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OWY6PUYiAg) and [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (October 19, 2020)
1. Team/Instructor Scrum Report 2 [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (October 26, 2020)
1. Project Progress Vlog 2 [Video](https://youtu.be/57WqN6om8F8) and [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (November 16, 2020)
1. Team/Instructor Scrum Report 3 [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (November 23, 2020)
1. Project Progress Vlog 3 [Video](https://youtu.be/hMpPf16VFHM) and [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (December 14, 2020)
1. Team/Instructor Scrum Report 4 [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (January 21, 2021)
1. Project Progress Vlog 4 [Video](https://youtu.be/BHDtMDXqNDQ) and [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (February 4, 2021)
1. Team/Instructor Scrum Report 5 [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (March 4, 2021)

***

## Legal Notices

This project is not affiliated with nor endorsed by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA).

> Copyright (C) 2020  Clark Inocalla, Kelly Holtzman, Mansi Patel, Sana Khan
>
> This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
>
> This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
>
> You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Add final adobe XD prototype to README
We didn't have this anywhere public, so here it is now!

README.md, after:

# Humane Transport
![Build and integration tests](https://github.com/holtzmak/Humane-Transport/actions/workflows/flutter-action-build-and-integration-testing.yml/badge.svg)
![Formatting and Unit tests](https://github.com/holtzmak/Humane-Transport/actions/workflows/flutter-action-formatting-and-unit-testing.yml/badge.svg)

A [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/) and [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) mobile application to record Canadian animal transport and transfer of care documentation, meeting the [requirements and regulations](https://www.inspection.gc.ca/animal-health/humane-transport/eng/1300460032193/1300460096845) set out by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA).

For an interactable mock-up of the application, see [our Adobe XD Prototype](https://xd.adobe.com/view/9a6f1910-d3ac-4fdf-b051-c2c78510ba32-cf3c/). You can leave feedback if you like!

**This project's main source of information is the [Wiki](https://github.com/holtzmak/Humane-Transport/wiki).** See our Wiki for the following information and more:
1. Team meeting minutes (Scrum dates and discussion minutes)
2. Our breakdown of the Animal Transport Record into a digital-friendly format and process, including [User Story/Journey Maps](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/user-story-mapping/)
3. Our application architecture and software design documents, including [C4 Modeling Diagrams](https://c4model.com/)

Further documentation and diagrams are available in the [`documentation` folder in the codebase](https://github.com/holtzmak/Humane-Transport/tree/master/documentation).

***

## Installation and Use

 **_Instructions for installing and using this application TBD_** 

## Project Abstract

Canadian livestock transporters are required to follow rules and regulations specified by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) before, during, and after animal transport. The current process requires paper manifests to be created and maintained by transporters to ensure that all animals and their data are collected for business, market, and tracing purposes; it is not well suited to transporters who may not have access to materials while on the road. Humane Transport is a mobile application which provides transporters with a paper-free way to collect and provide all CFIA required data while meeting the requirements of the Health of Animals Regulations Part XII, Humane transport of animals (sections 136-155), and providing access to interpretive guidance documentation to assist understanding.

## Project Deliverables

All deliverables available on our [website](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/).

The deliverables assigned and set out by our post-seconday software engineering course are as follows:
1. [Project Proposal](https://github.com/holtzmak/Humane-Transport/wiki/Project-Proposal-Document) (September 11, 2020)
1. Project Introduction Vlog [Documentation](https://github.com/holtzmak/Humane-Transport/wiki/Project-Vlog-1-Documentation) and [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEHSdMMVPaU) (September 23, 2020)
1. Team/Instructor Scrum Report 1 [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (September 28, 2020)
1. Project Progress Vlog 1 [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OWY6PUYiAg) and [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (October 19, 2020)
1. Team/Instructor Scrum Report 2 [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (October 26, 2020)
1. Project Progress Vlog 2 [Video](https://youtu.be/57WqN6om8F8) and [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (November 16, 2020)
1. Team/Instructor Scrum Report 3 [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (November 23, 2020)
1. Project Progress Vlog 3 [Video](https://youtu.be/hMpPf16VFHM) and [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (December 14, 2020)
1. Team/Instructor Scrum Report 4 [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (January 21, 2021)
1. Project Progress Vlog 4 [Video](https://youtu.be/BHDtMDXqNDQ) and [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (February 4, 2021)
1. Team/Instructor Scrum Report 5 [Slides](https://sanakhan1997.github.io/Humane-Transport/) (March 4, 2021)

***

## Legal Notices

This project is not affiliated with nor endorsed by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA).

> Copyright (C) 2020  Clark Inocalla, Kelly Holtzman, Mansi Patel, Sana Khan
>
> This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
>
> This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
>
> You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
